planning/user-stories.md, before:

# Tamagotchi User Stories

## MVP

- As a player, I want a digital pet that I can: pet rock, interactive pet, play and feed feature.
- As a player, I need a start screen and an game over screen to know when the game is starting/ended
- As a player, I want to be able see all my Stats
- As a player, I want to be able to see all my Controls
- As a player, I want my pet to be interactive when I click a control (give me feedback that my control worked)
- As a player, I want the background for my game to look nice
- "As a player I find it really enjoyable to watch my critter grow up from infancy to adulthood."
- "As a player I really enjoy being able to meaningfully care for/interact with my pet."
- "As a player I would like the amount of time I have with my tamagotchi to be enough for me to grow sentimentally attached to it."
- As a user I want to have a pet
- As a user, I want to be able press a button so that I can feed my pet.
- As a user, I want to be able press a button so that I can play with my pet.
- As a user, I want to be able press a button so that I can make my pet sleep.
  "As a player I like to watch my tamagotchi's stats grow."
  -As a user I want to be able to feed the pet
  -As a user I want a health bar to monitor when to feed my pet
  -As a user I want to be able to make my pet go to sleep
- As a user I want my pet to be able to die if health goes to 0

## Stretch Goals

### Bronze

- "As a player it's nice to not have my tamagotchi suffer because my life got too busy."
- "As a player I like to have choices for what to feed my tamagotchi."
- "I liked when the app greets me with fanfare and confetti!"

### Silver

As a player, I want a digital pet that I can:
pet naming
improved graphics
time track
-As a user I want the health and sleep data displayed in a bar format to affect my pets
hungry/bored bar
As a player, it would be nice if the background had more elements
-As a user I want to be able to have multiple pets

### Gold

As a player, I want a digital pet that I can:
grow/die
cleaning/poop
different species
(plant, animal pet, etc.)
evolution
money
shop/preferences (food/toys)
branched evolution (based on food/toys)
breeding
"I love it when my tamagotchi has a baby, and then that way I keep raising the newborn from my old pet!"
As a player,it would be nice if I could choose what my pet looked like
As a player, it would be nice if my pet grew as it got older
As a player, it would be nice if I could have more controls
As a player, it would be nice if I could move my pet (teach it tricks)
As a player, it would be nice if there were more animations
As a player, it would be nice if there were stats for the environment as well as controls to adjust my pet according to the weather
-As a user I want to be able to have my pets interact
-As a user I want my pet to be able to gain new attributes(level up)

- Immortality toggle

Commit message:

Add user story for game instructions

planning/user-stories.md, after:

# Tamagotchi User Stories

## MVP

- As a player, I want a digital pet that I can: pet rock, interactive pet, play and feed feature.
- As a player, I need a start screen and an game over screen to know when the game is starting/ended
- As a player, I want to be able see all my Stats
- As a player, I want to be able to see all my Controls
- As a player, I want my pet to be interactive when I click a control (give me feedback that my control worked)
- As a player, I want the background for my game to look nice
- "As a player I find it really enjoyable to watch my critter grow up from infancy to adulthood."
- "As a player I really enjoy being able to meaningfully care for/interact with my pet."
- "As a player I would like the amount of time I have with my tamagotchi to be enough for me to grow sentimentally attached to it."
- As a user I want to have a pet
- As a user, I want to be able press a button so that I can feed my pet.
- As a user, I want to be able press a button so that I can play with my pet.
- As a user, I want to be able press a button so that I can make my pet sleep.
  "As a player I like to watch my tamagotchi's stats grow."
  -As a user I want to be able to feed the pet
  -As a user I want a health bar to monitor when to feed my pet
  -As a user I want to be able to make my pet go to sleep
- As a user I want my pet to be able to die if health goes to 0

## Stretch Goals

### Bronze

- As a user, I want to be able to refer to the instructions throughout the game. ("How to play button")
- "As a player it's nice to not have my tamagotchi suffer because my life got too busy."
- "As a player I like to have choices for what to feed my tamagotchi."
- "I liked when the app greets me with fanfare and confetti!"

### Silver

As a player, I want a digital pet that I can:
pet naming
improved graphics
time track
-As a user I want the health and sleep data displayed in a bar format to affect my pets
hungry/bored bar
As a player, it would be nice if the background had more elements
-As a user I want to be able to have multiple pets

### Gold

As a player, I want a digital pet that I can:
grow/die
cleaning/poop
different species
(plant, animal pet, etc.)
evolution
money
shop/preferences (food/toys)
branched evolution (based on food/toys)
breeding
"I love it when my tamagotchi has a baby, and then that way I keep raising the newborn from my old pet!"
As a player,it would be nice if I could choose what my pet looked like
As a player, it would be nice if my pet grew as it got older
As a player, it would be nice if I could have more controls
As a player, it would be nice if I could move my pet (teach it tricks)
As a player, it would be nice if there were more animations
As a player, it would be nice if there were stats for the environment as well as controls to adjust my pet according to the weather
-As a user I want to be able to have my pets interact
-As a user I want my pet to be able to gain new attributes(level up)

- Immortality toggle
